hey guys mop up here and I wanted to
make this video to share my opinion on
some stuff but i think is more of the
right way to go after the pvp power bar
from the weapons so if you don't know
there has been a doubling on the pv
power that the weapons give so basically
every pvp r was going for a full pv
power on their gear and gems and stuff
like that and everyone was at around 55
+ % pv power which is if you think about
it if you go full of brazilians you go
at about seventy percent I'm a bit lower
because I don't have all the gear I
don't have upgraded honor pieces and
stuff like that so if someone has fifty
five percent PV power and you have like
seventy percent beauty zillions you
actually have fifteen percent damage
reduction because it gets negated blah
blah blah you know how it goes it's PP
resilience minus PP power and what is
left is your action on resilience but if
you think about the other way what most
people are doing they have 57 or sixty
percent resilience and most people have
more than fifty five percent pvp power
which is like more or less they have no
pvp gear on them and someone is hitting
on them without pvp gear at all so being
a tetra paladin and being more or less a
punch bug I played like 200 games of
past 2-3 days and I realized that I'm
the main target all the time so I
thought like yeah why not go for
resilience I mean if you do the math is
actually a ten fifteen percent dollar
reduction from zero damage reduction
that that's something
and it actually worked for me as I I got
some clips I got some situations that
actually survived with a very very very
low HP and I i I'd give that to
resilience like ten percent fifteen
percent is a lot if you think about it
up from zero so yeah I wanted to give
you guys a heads up if you want to check
out the best jamming for the data pardon
you should check fungoides because I'm
not really jamming optimally to get the
circuit bonuses at the moment because I
want to have the most resilience
possible it's really important for me I
don't care if i lose like two percent
damage or three percent damage I can do
damaging cooldowns and you don't really
do any damage out of them so yeah but
make sure you have 200 PP resilience on
your chest and then pretty much the Reds
should be strength PP resilience the
name is resplendent well the yellow
should be just resilience the name is
mystic and or is it the blues should be
pvp power few beauty ceilings I don't
really know the name but you should be
able to find it easily so yeah that was
about it for this video I think this
applies to most classes nowadays because
let's say a husband Sean wants to do it
because they are you know they flop
pretty easy kind of like rats ok we'll
have bubble but most people around with
either peace or war nowadays so yeah you
more or less get the idea I mean fifteen
percent reduction is kind of a thing up
from zero or five or whatever so yeah I
hope you liked the video and I'll see
you guys next time
max
you